Ladies and gentlemen from lovely downtown Harmontown we bring you this very
special Christmas edition of Harmontown so many surprise special guests Jeff
Jeff Davis could not be with us so much love to you I'm a little stoned right
now but my name is Brandon Johnson watch out for the M's and the B's I'll be
dropping those all night let's welcome to the stage Spencer Crittenden yes make
some noise if you're at home right now stand up and clap you ain't doing
nothing you're at home right now you might as well stand up and cheer yourself up
stand up and clap please keep clapping for the mayor of Harmontown mr. Dan
Harmon I'm seeing a class I'm up on your roof I fucked your mama in the gap
between her tooth I put my dick in her mouth like a thermometer I took a
temperature I'm glad I got out of them I came back next year always give her a
present she sheds a tear she says I left your milk I left your cookies why
don't you give me something better yeah and I say cuz you're naughty but you
nice you got headlights back next year don't ever fear fascist takeover down
your chimney a sack of guns so you're getting so you better run if you live
in Alabama they came for you first what you held the line you quenched her
democratic thirst yo thank you black women forget black men you 94% it's not
good enough all right I'm spoilers you finish strong you finish strong I got
I got a second win there where it felt you know like a political Santa started
rapping a little bit better than then whatever that guy that was opening was
this is our Christmas special it's gonna be a really really big special show I
mean I just that I I threw out the notion leaving the stage yesterday like
maybe it'll be nice if we really Christmas up the stage and look what
Kris Boruff who gets credit everybody Sarah Hill like like like quarterback
to this I believe yeah Chris was probably like a offensive lineman someone's
moving or is that yeah also bake those delicious chocolate chip cookies two
types vegan and gutsy come on with snacks like this set out I wouldn't be
surprised if we had a few special guests drop by for a nibble what so it is an
extra special show excellent yeah I mean I wouldn't get our hopes you know it's
not like Gal Gadot is coming but it's you know it's it's special because we're
in a good mood I think we're probably not doing a show next week right no right
because it'll be like Christmas Eve is that math right so you should spend time
with your family and or activist group or whatever your new family your your
your people the people you pick even if you have to find them at random in some
chat room find find a family I don't want I don't want to orphan shame you if
family doesn't mean parents what's the orphan gonna do nothing or if I don't
even have no back right don't even have no internet or if I don't even have no
internet thank you yeah man well we shall be orphan soon net neutrality has
been repealed which means you know I'll have some special rich persons internet
where I only get Netflix and like poor people tracker to watch a monitor the
outside of my house poor people will will also have like a poor version of
Netflix where they can down they can stream like I don't know movies that
don't have like two triumphant a message in them those will be put in a
special fast lane for rich people and then poor people also have like face
time like if they're at work and they want to check on their kids in the
reeducation camps poor people will get all the movies that rich people get just
no endings I really feel that net neutrality this net neutrality thing
even though we don't know what it is a lot of us I understand it's like it's
like when I was a kid when people would talk about Nicaragua like all you knew
was that something bad was happening you didn't want to do the research it was
hard net neutrality is like it may as well be the name of some crazy nation
where we don't know what's going on but but but I mean I think you've probably
figured it out by now God knows all the people that supported it I could see on
Twitter like had this massive rush of a week where they having just now like
started asking each other what it was yeah because all they knew is that they
that in their opinion the bad guys liked it and now it's time to repeal it like
someone got to these people and said it was like Obama trality or something yeah
and so and so you could see them all looking it up and going huh and then
like like like their big insults were like like I just like to see some of
these people explain this shit that are complaining it's like a nice try no one's
doing your homework for you fucking greasy fuckface it's also super easy to
explain the people who brought us ATMs now want to charge us for ATMs yeah the
same old argument the agency that we created because we once thought the
radio waves might run out who and then stuck around because once you create a
government agency you just don't get rid of it you never have a meeting ago we
don't need no ATF anymore what are we doing we love alcohol to back on fire
arms let's just get rid of them these agencies just hang around and if you're
the FCC you just hang around and now yeah we so we started using them to at
least enforce the concept of neutrality which much as Thomas Jefferson said
about freedom of speech when I think he was one of the people that was like
maybe we shouldn't put this in this document because then it becomes a
legal matter and free speech is gonna only get less free if lawyers start
arguing about it but anyways we put you know the FCC in charge so here's your
job stand there and say there's net neutrality that's your new job you know
you don't have to care if there's tits or F words anymore you can just stand
there and say there needs to be net neutrality okay and so now we had them
stop standing there and now they're happy because now you can now it's just
the internet is no is now private property all of us are trespassing on it
like we're all gonna be traveling at speeds that are able to be throttled by
the monopolies that control your access to the internet probably my audience is
not only aware of this but actually very annoyed with my ignorance of it we
talked about it in the past and you also railed against the the marketing flaw
of the name net neutrality and you brought up the ultimate suggestion that
should have been and maybe would have swung everything suggestion that they
should change the name to I think but fun it's a more positive name than that
neutrality but fun might have worked but here's the thing I it's just such an
assault it's at this point it's like it the it's not as if there wasn't a chance
for the Democratic will of the people to be known it was absolutely known
registered measured it was there we know that the country did not want this only
some rubes who thought for a for a for a busy work week because they only read
Nazi zines thought that maybe it had that they didn't want it they'll we a
vast vast majority of everybody even the people who only could bother to care a
little better like yeah that sounds like a dumb thing to lose and they didn't
give a fuck they it's like we are definitely at this point and I think
there's one step left which is this horrible Christmas rumor which is that
what well there's just rumor that I retweeted this everyone's gearing up
because for the for the Saturday Night Massacre part two which is the rumor
that Trump is gonna fire Mueller over Christmas yeah no but yeah I hear you
I've heard that rumor all right let's talk about black people in Alabama let's
what do you think what are the odds on this and what are you what is your plan
because you didn't have a handgun I don't have a fucking plan you have a gun I
have one plan which is the move on dot whatever plan that I retweeted which is
like you RSVP to a thing that says they can text you and with so that within
24 hours of Miller getting fired we're all gonna you know just flood the
streets that are you shaking your head it's a bad plan I suggest we all light a
cigarette and take it up the butt one more time not to take it up the butt is
a bad thing only if it's against your choice if he fires Miller you think we
should get used to it what listen you're so cynical I'm not I'm not I'm just gonna
be honest I'm gonna say we blew it a long time ago this is like if our father
who left our mother comes back drunk on Easter are we gonna celebrate no we know
where we are that motherfucking don't love us that's how it is we are in such
trouble this is about rule of law that would be this it's about what you gonna
do it's about slap his hand when he reaches out for the applesauce is he
can't he cannot be passed there's it's like it's gonna be it's the last rule
that he will have to break if he wants to know he has permission to break all
rules forever I mean I know we've all had a lot of final lines drawn in our
personal sands and things but I it is like I mean this is the second fucking
guy that's an independent person that's trying to hold to just bring this
investigation into the goddamn station any president should be absolutely
willing to watch it play out and it's it's obscenely almost funny how little
fault can be found with this particular guy and if he if he if this if this
autocrat fires him over Christmas break that is him saying I would that's like a
kid like taking his dick out and putting it in his mother's face at over
Christmas like while companies over so what's the mom supposed to do like you
that your advice is to say is like just why don't you just suck on it a little
bit maybe you'll fall asleep no I'm saying your kid was first of all that's
not what my mother did she sent me to my room second of all I'm saying your kid
was bad before you brought him to the Christmas table and now you're gonna
reprimand him in front of us and scar off fucking Christmas why are you so
fatalistic now you're always the uplifting guy I'm still I'm still
uplifted but I'm like this somebody been squeezing your titties this long and
you really don't say something this is a this is a this is a this is a privileged
thing right this is like a welcome to the party white boy thing I'm I'm just
very honestly telling you that we don't have a leg that we're not on the gun
side though what you would want is for the militia people to do something but
they're not they're on his side so as liberals if they if they do something
else to us there's really let's be honest we don't have the votes to impeach
we're just not getting Congress back we can't really fuck with this dude yeah
but don't you want to not on that level I mean it's I mean the the the like the
women's March did accomplish something there what it didn't accomplish anything
in writing it didn't accomplish any legislation it was a it with the the
sheer numbers the fact that people's arms were rubbing up against glass and
plaster and and and no one was fighting and the streets were clogged in every
major city because he fucked with women and women's rights and then it was just
like bomb and then since then it's been like let's try that again and everyone's
like you know what I got I got work I gotta pick up my kids but you know this
is this is the this is the other thing I mean like this is the thing where you
want your numbers to count where you go where you want somebody to know I would
almost say what RSVP system because I like the idea that the news item that
that ends up back on Fox News where he can see it says you know by the way 90
million Americans say that this is fucking it they can't handle it anymore
and they're gonna actually walk out of their house not show up at their job and
they're gonna go down to City Hall and stand there and piss at a bucket and
tell something changes but I don't think that that that this is it all right
because we don't have the we still have the numbers this is but this is the guy
in charge of the investigation that absolutely it is I mean in some weird
universe which if we're if we're if we're people that observe law and order
we have to acknowledge like it's there's some weird universe where where they
go you know what this is all clean it's all fine he's perfect we looked through
his tax returns we looked through his connections financial information the
four years leading up to this whole thing and you know what there's no
hanky-panky going on this is just fine then and then we all it's either that's
going to happen or there's gonna be a fucking thing and and if and if so if
this investigation doesn't reach its conclusion we're what are we doing then
what are you so excited to get on with then we're just defeated and hanging out
and just like yeah I think they stole it from us they got it right now well we
have our streets we have each other we have ACLU we have Planned Parenthood we
have these grassroots things the political thing I don't think we have I
honestly don't know how we're gonna come back from him firing Mueller because I
don't know what we can do that's not that's not what we do it's just got to be
like a we just got to be there has to be enough of us and we got to go like this
right that's the problem with I like I love being a you know liberal but it's
like when war starts we kind of are not the first people to take up arms and
it's kind of hard to get motivated to fight them on that level I can fight
them on the we need to have some food drives I can fight them on the raised
funds for a family that gets burned out in the California fires but when they
start doing crazy upper-level government stuff that's not that's not where we me
personally I can't really fuck with them on that level I'm like you guys just got
away with a heist and I honestly can't even correct that heist you know I'm
saying yeah yeah it'd be like honestly if they were like we're raising interest
rates well I'm going I RSVP they got my number and here's the thing that I want
to say about these marches because you asked what did the women's march do and
I think that these shows a force whatever we show up in large numbers it
lets people know next time they'll be more of us and they'll be more of us
will be more of us and we also get to look at each other and say I'm with you
I got your back I'm with you so it works all right but when those marches wind up
in the places where people are disenfranchised then I'll know that
we're not playing around like when you do a women's march that actually winds up
going to the women's center in downtown LA and maybe helping out those bodies
those thousands of people show up week after week to keep those infrastructure
up then I'll be like okay we we are doing some shit we're in trouble and we're
reacting interesting in a positive way when that when they take the march all
the way to Compton instead of stopping it in the richest part of the city which
is downtown LA when they march all the way to Compton and they spend money in
those stores but they they look around and they clean up those buildings they
pick up some trash then I'll be like okay what's in there what do they got what
do they got in the store they got good shit in those stores like a candy store
yeah a candy house is there a vape is there a vape place there's all sorts of
second-hand shit there's shops down there but there's the point is like we're
still talking shit so on this one we we can't really draw a line in the sand
because we don't that's not how we even operate all right fine brandy now that
doesn't that doesn't mean we shouldn't be outraged it's just really what do you
what are we supposed to do all fly to Washington DC when this happens and we
should all yeah let's do that yeah how do we all have money we don't all have
that money no but everyone who does can and hopefully that's you know enough
people to break the walls down what are we gonna do when we get there we gonna
we're gonna raise money for poor people no we're gonna throw ourselves violently
at the walls of the White House until our bodies have to be removed from the
capital can we instead of maybe going to them take ourselves away from the
internet we can we maybe tell these motherfuckers what we expect it to be so
they give us shit like hybrid cars like solar panels can we teach industry how
to listen to us when we say we don't want to throttle why are we even using our
government to talk to these motherfuckers when quite honestly as a consumer can't
we just tell them we don't want that shit well they're monopoly they have
more awarded monopolies but what then why don't we take a couple months off and
hit their bottom line all right wall because that's that's way faster than
Congress and that's what they respond to they stop making clear Pepsi I think
they I think I think they waited they they clear Pepsi didn't successfully wait
30 years so that everyone that needed to send out their resume get get get memos
from their boss coordinate with their babysitter get in touch with their
family let everyone know what they're doing had to use clear Pepsi you know
like they waited till the right time like they're I don't know if I would go
we shut blockbuster down what that's cuz DVDs came out what do you mean DVDs came
out because blockbuster was renting to us and we were all surrounded we were
going to blockbuster like it was a thing the whole family right and then
blockbuster was like we could just hit you for fees we don't even care if you
keep the movie rent the movie whatever we're gonna hit you for fees and then
states came out and said no fees are the are the duty of the state that's the
only thing that's only recourse we have a private entity can't collect fees or
then we're all fucked well that was before my time I think it was right so
when you were like eight yeah so that that sort of facilitated industry to
respond in a way where you got Netflix where that motherfucker came along was
like hey you ain't got to pay fees you can keep the DVD we don't even care we
want a subscription service so I'm like we have taught corporations and
industries how we want to be treated and if they need to learn it again on this
net neutrality thing that's just the deal that's the deal when they put shitty
TV on we stop watching and we went over to the internet and if they fuck the
internet up well I don't know maybe we'll go back to hanging out with each
other and reading books or shit but overall they they will learn from us how
we're about to get treated all right so false alarm I came up so everything's
gonna be fine because when when we finally get mistreated enough we're
gonna show them what's up by going to the women's center yeah I don't think
anything bad will happens when it comes out officially that it turns out you
can rig an election without consequence I think going forward it'll all be fine
yeah I just want to know if anybody wants to deal on some of this delicious
lead pain I got it goes great with this best I mean they fucking took huge
sodas out of New York that's a possibility we can do a lot of damage
that winds up being good for ourselves you know well yeah I mean we're in
California we're gonna be fine no matter what that's the thing it's not about
like our specific comfort I don't think hopefully I mean even without net
neutrality like I can afford to pay for a fast lane you know but it's not that's
not what's at stake for the bigger picture right no but California is
already art we've already started to sue like immediately and I think there's ten
other states it's 11 total yeah 11 states have already pushed back and said
you're not gonna be able to do this so while it is terrifying and it's not
fair we do we we stand a good chance of getting our way in this deal if we fight
as citizens if we keep trying to legislate our way out of these battles
it's gonna get rough and well you know showing up to a thing where you sit
cross-legged in the street until they mace you and drag you away and use your
body to come up the works of you that that's not legislation that's I'm
talking about these moments where and I understand what you're saying that I
mean you're basically saying like yeah all the people that have lines in the
sand that have to do with win an ideology has been transgressed they don't
give a fuck about the people that live 20 yards from them and they don't give a
fuck about what's going on in in their real life and they could they could be
like Jim Carrey and yes man and start changing their lives completely and
disrupting everything the in their comfort zone and I eat I all of that is
true but there's it's also really easy to get like 50 million people to just like
open their windows and say I'm mad as hell and I'm not gonna take it anymore
and sometimes that needs to happen as well certainly but let's fight an
economic battle with economics I think that definitely we need to avail
ourselves more of like boycotting based tactics than we have been that's very
powerful that's where the that's where the battleground has sure we now have
no fucking legal recourse we net neutrality is now going to be a
financial game it's gonna be about boycotts and all this shit but it
Trump firing Mueller is like it's it's it's fucking it's a real it's a home
invasion of everyone's home from wood by one guy who's saying I don't want
checks and balances I don't want three branches I don't want any any any of the
Constitution to apply to me I want to be an autocrat say nothing if that's fine
and and by the way just drink your eggnog because I'm gonna do it on the
fucking 22nd of December while everyone's gone like if he does that and
everyone just hangs out I'm not gonna take that as a sign that we're gonna
help the local YMCA or anything like I don't think I'm gonna take that as a
sign that we've given up and so is him and whatever the fuck he's
representing whatever evil cloud is in his is guiding him with the power of
Mordor like like we we we have to it's the one thing we've been waiting for us
just like would you just would you just submit to due process will you let us
frisk you you won't let you won't fucking like submit like just say I'm a
crooked person I'm a criminal I like I have my fingers and dirty pies and then
say but I'm a businessman or whatever and defend it he's been lying and fucking
putting it off for so long and try and and like I just I like all right all
right well whatever we set our piece we're talking to circles yeah I'm still
on the uplift I just I've recognized which battle and maybe how we should fight
it I recognize which battle I and I alone and all of you yeah I RSVP to that
stupid thing and I'm showing up they text me they go he just fired Miller I'm
gonna go like I'm not gonna I'm not going down there with a with a bat or
anything I'm gonna go I'm just gonna go down there and eat some spaghetti that
I bring in a thermos and and then I don't know what I don't know what to do
nothing and then maybe I'm just like I'll just lay down and eat grass until I die
I don't know like I just I don't want to make plans for after that day he can't
do this I know I know but we got this we still got this we got this we got this
we got this let's lighten things up a little with a visit from socialist Santa
Claus socialist Santa's here Santa hello I gave my hat to someone with a
colder head oh Santa so when I needed it more
simple cool can can I talk about Robert Miller for a second yeah of course can I
are you gonna take my side a little bit it doesn't sound like so I think there's
another side right I think a third side I think there's only two sides I think
there's a side that it doesn't matter that the investigation trying to pin
Trump on a technicality right is what the Democrats want to do more than
anything because then you look at it and you go aha I got him and now he has to
resign because I got him and what Trump does is he goes no you didn't get me and
and legally speaking right like no you didn't get me does not hold up in court
but when the only recourse is like being impeached by the Republicans that
control Congress no you didn't get me kind of wins right so we're never gonna
get him on a technicality if he refuses to acknowledge the technicality is it a
technicality to say hey Russia do you want to have a conference about rigging
this election and then Russia says here's some data you can use to rig this
election yeah cuz like we do it all the time but that's okay so then those
countries that we do that with with have every right to engage us in the court of
law what that is is against the law and in theory that's not a technicality
that's just the law being executed what what presidential candidate before this
moment in history has ever been caught red-handed actually conspiring with the
intelligence of during an election the intelligence from a foreign hostile
foreign power in order to beat their domestic enemy in an election I mean
there's the story of Kissinger and Nixon during the Vietnam War the two of them
on Kissinger I believe was working for Johnson at the time and Nixon was a
candidate and they looked like there was going to be peace in Vietnam they were
gonna sign a peace accord where it would be like hey Vietnam that war is gonna be
done and then Nixon and Kissinger kind of pulled a little fast one and caused a
whoopsy in Vietnam that made the war keep going because Nixon knew that he'd
win if his opponent didn't stop the war so the war was good for his campaign and
it came out in papers later and you know cuz Nixon fucking taped everything it
came out in papers later because Nixon fucking taped everything yeah that's the
thing but he didn't get away with it or rather he got away with it he didn't get
caught on this thing right because we didn't get caught because he turned
himself in so when they came to Bush with dirt he went to the FBI I mean we're
breaking elections against our own people with voter suppression and that
kind of shit yes we are but yet you guys are going you guys are taking such a
wide scope in order to refute a really really like specific thing here this
guy is real under investigation for an actual crime to if we sit up here and
read a book about from Noam Chomsky about how where America is the foremost
enemy of democracy across the planet I have no argument with that but but that
this is this is a this is a politician who is basically openly making a play
to change the margins ever more of politics and what's allowed including
the fact that when you are running for president in our country it's okay to
engage in treasonous behavior as because the end justifies the means and
once you're in the Oval Office then you can say I don't give a shit and it'll
go around around and you guys your argument is basically it's America's
poopy and and it's kind of happened before with our most horrible presidents
during our most horrible times in history therefore let's you know I know we
can care about this and hand out blankets lately I know I'm not doing
either but yeah it's not that it's that I feel like once we fucked up we fucked
up that that's the situation but that's that's all election systems the in or
not all that's all of our election systems if you've comes out you Reagan
election the result isn't that the the runner-up is then installed result is
that someone gets a punitive action and then those courts or those districts or
something changes structurally generally that's what you can hope and if he
has to say no I didn't do that well we hold up an x-ray of him doing that and
and it still doesn't get him thrown in jail or replaced with a with an Amazon
drone for president I it's still important an important part of the
process to go Mikey did you is this a photo of you taking a shit in the
living room and let the little piece of shit say no it's not so everything goes
on the bulletin boards I can't imagine like justifying not being invested in
in these in these moments I I understand the argument that if you guys were to
say this is a circus that's directing your attention and energy away from
something I think that's true but I think it's it's a distraction that's real
important distraction well let's let's talk about what the outcome would be right
like a potential investigation and now this is I have an opinion that I don't
think is going to be very popular but I feel like if there's going to be a
Republican president it better fucking be Donald Trump because to me I look at
Donald Trump and I see 90 to 95 percent of what any Republican would do 5 to 10
percent of like rancid whipped cheese filling or whatever that he brings to the
table but fundamentally he's such a gross ogre that all of the normal
Republican things that he does people are like oh this sucks and he's yeah but
the reason he's a gross ogre is because he's making an open play for a shift
toward something called autocracy instead of where we've been mired in a
sort of openly hypocritical illusory form of checks and balances I mean the
guys that have occupied his position maybe they're autocrats in bureaucratic
clothing but they're not actually just standing up in front of Boy Scout
rallies and saying I wish there was less people in Congress so I could fuck
more girls I like like he is a third-world leader who is who has risen
through a fascist movement that has been passed you know has been provoked and
made possible through like insidious means and I'm not one of these people
that goes oh because if a Russian tweets a meme that says Pepe the Frog thinks
Hillary's a kind that and then when you win the election that way that that
means they hacked the election that means we're stupid and we deserve what
we get but this guy knew about it and played ball with it and thought it was
funny and thought that it was what he deserves because he's a sociopath and a
90 IQ fucking horrible monster just like the presidents that people get in the
countries where we so successfully suppress democracy that you end up with
a fucking animal leading the people and it's hypocritical of me so the point
where my voice is changing but but but I I don't want to live in a country though
the kind of which we create all around the planet right well so here's the
question right and I think it goes exactly to your point where you said
that there was sort of the autocrat in bureaucrats clothing or the plain-faced
autocrat and my question to you is which one is better seeing your enemy for
who they really are or letting them hide and get away with it style-wise the
one's better where you can see the wolf for the wolf but we're talking about a
coup here we're talking about we're talking about people saying would it be
okay America now that you're good and fat and scared and stupid and armed to
the teeth and xenophobic and unemployed and fucking confused and have all have
iPhones in your pockets would it be okay everyone now that most of you think
that New Year's Eve is it means that America's 2000 years old and all these
things that demoralize us when we find out how fucking stupid we all are would
it be okay with you guys as long as everyone's everything's good and
stupid and lazy and fearful and sad if we just shift towards the open-faced
version of the closed-faced sandwich we were already eating is that okay with
everybody and you're saying yes it is because it because it's like you knew
the shit sandwich was already shit but that doesn't mean the guy saying is it
cool if I just start calling it rape while I rape like saying yes doesn't
mean you're protecting people it doesn't mean that your your value system is
better it just means that you the cynicism is eaten away at you unless
there's like an alternative plan which I know that you guys are I think you guys
are street level think you know act locally kind of minds that are like you
know you're more right than me I know you are but but I because we should
basically if I took the you know the the the collective of what you two are
saying I would you know it's like let's stop even glancing at People magazine
when we check out the grocery store maybe let's try to grow our own food let's
definitely not get on the internet tell people that want to get in touch with
you that they can put a duct tape on your driveway and you'll come down there
and leave a potted plant on a tortoise and I did that one time and you won't it's so
hard to book you that sounds puny that sounds like I'm I drifted into that's
not that's me riffing absurdly that's not me characterizing you guys as being
ludites and backwards and ineffective tortoise lovers I was just me riffing
about like like like like how do you unplug from the fucking system when
it's so pervasive but like that the solution would be unplugged from the
system and truly look at the world around you and start acting and then and
and let the example that you live with your life start inspiring people to do
the same and there will probably fire will catch you know if it's if it's fire
guaranteed if it's not fire worth catching fuck it then you lived your life
happy and effectively until doomsday happened and if it but if it is worth
catching it's not gonna catch by you signing into move on org and RSVPing
to a thing that texts you when it's convenient to drop off the kids and show
up for a sit-in I really should start a business a child watch thing for
protests right I mean that's essentially what they've created they created a
they created a list that you can RSVP to because they want you know so that we
can create a a nationwide within 24 hour rapid response however symbolic to
this event that the attempt on the enemy's part is to just let it happen
and and you're you're you're nothing it's not it's invisible it just happens
and nothing happens because you can't do anything and we just we just we're just
girding our loins because we at least want to say called it we called this
like don't fucking do it maybe it's important at least just to take that
posture and just stand over that plate of cookies and look at that little
sociopath with the chocolate all over his face and the dog's leg in his back
pocket and go I'm watching you Toby I'm not your parent but your fucking mom
shouldn't have brought you here and you're you you you watch too much
television or multiple choices well so I think that you you bring up a good
point like the desire the intense desire to be like you're fucking wrong
everybody knows you're wrong you're a fucking asshole and and I hate you and
everybody deserves to watch you fucking your pants fall down around your ankles
and you don't trip and fall off a bridge we all want to see that but my thing is
like let's look at power let's look at materially how these things affect us if
Trump is forced to resign and Mike Pence becomes president materially our
lives aren't going to be that much different now we're not going to be
bombarded by psychic hatred and grotesque awfulness from the news all the
time because Mike that sounds really really nice but wait wait like our
lives are going to be different because Pence has positions that are worse than
Trump's Pence does have some positions that are far worse than Trump as far as
his actual belief of his own religious elitry like leads to some really crazy
shit and you saw like an AIDS breakout in Indiana which makes no sense because
nobody fucks there and then that's just how bad of a governor he was says it on
the license plate yeah it is yeah we're the worst so but like materially what
can where can we we're only strong when we come together right we're only strong
when we come together collective power like any of us individually can't do
shit that's like the the net neutrality thing right and and I also disagree I
don't think we can do just like boycotts or like economically based we need to
look at how power is leveraged and how we coming together I think the women's
march is really good because it allowed a bunch of people to come together and
go hey you want to fight for this I want to fight for this let's like get to know
each other and figure this out so the next time there's a mass movement there
are demands that we all agree on to raise no money did they see here's a thing
had they raised some money that day for like any female charity I might be
super impressed but like I am impressed I'm impressed by us all showing up but
I'm getting real tired of us trying to buy our way out of the shit by sending
somebody to a broken-ass Congress or to a broken political system well we know
goddamn well that if we had spent five bucks on the motherfucker next to us we
wouldn't be in this situation that is at the end of the day the thing that you
can do you get as mad as you want to about court systems in Congress and the
political sphere and the president and the fact that third-party voters did
this and the Republicans did that or you can actually reach down make sure the
motherfucker with in who's right in front of you is eating how we done that in the
first place we wouldn't be victims but now they're trying to scare us every
week they come out with I'm moving this to Jerusalem I'm doing this shit they
ain't doing half the shit they telling us they're going to do and they got a
scared you don't scare me by telling me you about to pull the cord on my
motherfucking internet you scare me when you're at my front door I think they
will be at our front door soon so when I look at all this internet shit I'm like
you are joking that we're upset about it FBI Russia motherfucker they killing more
black dudes every fucking month this year you talking to me about Russia y'all
motherfuckers can't even get one white dude and you killing black people
innocently and I'm supposed to be upset about Mueller I know what's coming I
know exactly what the fuck is coming and it's not gonna be internet neutrality
shit it's not gonna be FBI shit but my ass is close to getting rounded the fuck
up so when I look at the big picture I don't care who y'all got in the White
House if you motherfuckers don't pull the boot off my neck and my voice just
cracked plus we're all wearing ridiculous things on our heads you can see mine
and I could see yours but we can't see our own there's a clip of you with the
radio motherfucker tell me what we are here trying to fly for Santa not to
detract from that I was very well said you know I I don't I don't see I I'm
not gonna I feel like I diminished what you just said by saying I get it I don't
I don't I if waters it down for me to say I get it like I don't fucking get all
of it I I I get that I don't get it when you talk like that I get that that
there is a bigger picture here I I always like from the very beginning like
you know the day after the election you know a huge part of the wallpaper in
this redecorated room was you know okay white people who have never complained
about anything except for maybe that Spongebob's movie wasn't had had you
know it was overtones in the second act that the frozen girls skirt was too
slit when she sang actually that's an opinion of mine I think I find that a
very very disempowering film just high heels and sequins and I said let let
what go she's let nothing go yeah she can barely walk it's freezing and the
ice is like everywhere how can you walk in heels like those shoes have one
purpose okay to make your ass look better for me that's it you can't tell me
that you're by yourself and you're running around in those heels right let
it go let it go girls put on some sensible
hugs that I can really get turned on by maybe some tights yeah I did the deck is
loaded so I just I just don't find high heels attractive the the alright so so
so god damn it what did I do there the the it was it was always about like you
know we joked about it I mean no one was ever but it was like basically the
general the very very like joking way to put it was like you know what we're on
the bench at this point like you speaking on behalf of black people like
like your turn like let's see what you're gonna do if you're really that
upset about this and what you're gonna do and and and it's been a year and we
don't do a lot not a lot not a lot has changed my focus say they want to do
we're like we're getting we got it we got our shorts on and it's like our you
can see the tan lines from because we've never wear shorts and then we're
like we're like we're we're obsessed with things like whistles and like we
don't we're trying to get the referee there's a lot of stretches that we
haven't played in a really long time we've been on the bench for a while
and that's true it's hard to mobilize or whatever the version of the bench is the
box the fucking box where you run the game well that's what yoga is it's us
stretching getting ready for the race war and it's just like constantly we're
just stretching really we're gonna get we're gonna be in the right physical
stature to you know fight the drones perhaps we could expound on my
unfortunate professional sports metaphors for ethnic demographics but
bringing up our ghost of Christmas past it's I hear it on the rooftop I hear
strange mysterious clickings and tappings could it be do more horge
brown what what's a Christmas episode he was making the clicking and tapping
hi hi how are you demarche brown I'm so good to see you buddy good to see you
man I haven't seen you in a long too long too long you look so so distinguished
really I wish I could I wish I could bring it in like that with the rich oh
where where have you been I don't think we tell him what we told him where we
went to oh I just went going he kept going to melton Sundays looking for the
fans I bring a bag of lunch no no no I just I worked on a short film a long
time ago which actually just came out and the preparation for it started right
before the last time that I did the show and it's probably about three and a half
weeks worth of prep and then shooting the film took about a week two weeks and
then from there yeah how was it how was shooting shooting was great I feel it's
called I was there too yeah Joey is over it's a short film it's just came out
this week is short of the week and it's on no budget to Kentucky Rodley's no
budge calm that kind of stuff so that's great yeah to more just great tonight
oh awesome all right well we'll check it out then but it was like I mean that's
started a run of just sort of you were like well what I'm sure what you're
waiting for this place for three weeks you're like why am I good what am I what
was I doing get my Sundays back yeah yeah I mean if I took a couple breaks from
the show I'd definitely be like yeah wait well if I waited until I'm ready to do
the show so do you what the guests the last guest was somebody who was
incredibly important to me in my life it was a hot cheese Norman layer it was
Norman Lear that was the last guest and I wanted desperately to be called up to
ask to talk to him even say that or ask him questions or something like that and
I didn't and I didn't get called up until like the very end I think he had just
left who was it it was Norman Lear was it really oh I got to hang out earlier in
a green room with him and it was like devastated I was just like geez man you
went I swarmed him and he kind of just deflected it with Jedi sensibility and
stuff and it was but it was really fun and it was great to have had so it was
sort of it was a high note of that year but you were it was it was it was it was
a wound to you that I didn't call you up or no it was just it was just a
disappointment that I didn't get up to but that's not up to you that's up to
fate and stuff you were like if I can put try putting words in your mouth a
corrective wrong you you after that you were like well no why am I going if in
the best case scenario like I might not even it was just weird because there were
things he said when you first when you first brought him out and interviewed
him that echoed things I said in the first time I'd ever been on Harmon's
town about like the fact that we don't teach civics and the consequences of that
are gonna kick us in the fucking butt and sure enough we got to October and we
got kicked in the butt because people thought that this vote was a rubber room
and you know they could go oh well Hillary guess what we're gonna stick it
to you but not voting for you and then like it was a prom prom court yeah yeah
it was like some kind of weird weird-ass situation we can easily sort of jump
out of but um yeah but it wasn't no it wasn't about that it was just like it
was just a fate of the day that was all I I thought it was a highlight of my year
really to have been anywhere around that guy just a favorite Norman Lear stuff
but you did mention not getting called up like hiring Paul Mooney well I didn't
get caught as a writer I didn't get called up to be on the show so if in the
event of my one of my heroes being on the show if it's possible for me to be
stuck in the green room yeah you I was just saying man I was but I was in the
back one come on man there were no seats there were no seats and that guy fills
too yeah and he and there was so much to say yes it's just a
Norman Lear's death I like the part where I like that I echoed some of your
thoughts I took that as a compliment yeah yeah it was it was important or it was
an accusation of biting biting your moves you say you're you're you're like did I
the court will decide all right nothing nothing crazy nothing
special just working my ass off and really well you take it yeah you'd
take in like breaks before and then every time you come back I go where were
you what did I do wrong and it's like the answers never you know it never
satisfies my narcissistic like map of the universe like it's some reason of
your own but this was an especially long absence so just it just got your
point was I got I mean I'm about here to be an actor and to write direct stuff
and I'm just like trying to smash fill my year I mean you know me I just I feel
my year up as much as I can with as much stuff as I can and I've been working
with a director because of these I signed up much in the a so I can't say a
whole bunch of shit but there's a director whose next film was coming out
he'd won an Oscar and this is his next film and it was just sort of like
working at Ratner yeah right right it's Brian singer is a Medeo you know it's
an Eddie Murphy project yeah but it was but it was just like several times over
the course of that year to try and then get his next thing into shape so they
could shoot it which they did and then the next thing was like I had that I
ended up working on a thing called the dress-up the dress-up gang on TBS and
that took a big chunk of time and so that's it you know that's a it's just
really I'm worn out right now at the end of the year like physically worn out
just year-weary basically well maybe we could put some energy in your Christmas
pants with a visit from the Rudolph of the Harmontown sleigh Mr. Rob Schrab the
crazy Rob Schrab. What a crazy guy. This is Rob Schrab's 971st appearance on Harmontown. Crazy Rob Schrab.
Rob coming to the show. Crazy Rob Schrab. You'll remember him from Old Man Walking.
Crazy Rob Schrab. Old Man Walking. He's the man that never stops.
He's a classic feature film. Crazy. How are you Rob? Hello Daniel. What have you been doing during
DeMorge's absence? Why is this about me? I don't know just been kind of hanging out
watching a lot of television spend some quality time with my dog been eating
eating a lot of carbs white rice chips plain plain white rice plain white
rice and soda. Alright Rob Schrab. Isn't that crazy? How do you make rice Rob? Isn't that
crazy? I order it from Eat24. You should really get it from Asia. I don't know
where Eat24 gets it from. Maybe they get it from Asia. Do you share it? No you can't
have any. I ate it already. Eat24 gets it from really inhumane rice farms. Factory farms.
You don't know that. Where the rice is forced to watch itself masturbate. I heard it's not
inhumane rice farms. It's literally human rice farms. Have a cookie. Are you sure that's a
vegan one? Vegan. Saved your shit brother. Almost ate some cruelty. Rob how do you think
the black voters did in Alabama? I think you know something. I think they did a really good job.
So brave. They did a fantastic job. It was a big election for us. I have white people
studying black people. I'm sure black people are also studying black people too in the
epilogue of the election. But it's like there's just a lot of like white voter,
black voter talk all over all of the podcasts and all of the analysis which is really interesting
because the bad guys are there's conspiracy theories about buses of people. In case any of
you up here are black I don't see the world through that lens. What was your opinion if any
specific like about the coverage that you heard after the Alabama election like in terms of people
like I don't know telling the story like was there anything offensive about it or is it all
like? No they did it great. I was listening to Pod Save America and listening to their
facts and figures. It's just such a fascinating election because it's like you couldn't have
had any prediction about it that if you predicted that there was going to be a measurable victory
on either side then you would have been shocked by the fact that it was like
like fucking ping-pong ball on top of the net. If you predicted ping-pong ball on top of the net
you know how does it feel to be that right? I mean look at the president was said before that
I mean you had in the first Obama election he steadily gained ground gained momentum demonstrated
impact control grace fought off Hillary even in her weird contentious sort of giving up of the
nomination and then you get you get to this dismount that the Republicans said they had the election
and this dismount they did where they had they revealed they theatrically revealed their vice
presidential candidate Sarah Palin and gave her a week to completely fuck that up with I can see
Russia etc etc etc and then the economy fell apart and that can only be blamed on the administration
before it and he still barely if you look at those numbers barely barely barely won that election
and then after four years where they didn't do anything else really to upend what the Democrats
have said in motion he's still you know I mean Romney really had to lose that last debate for
the numbers to kind of switch around the way they did at the end of that that second election but
that was all dependent on Romney really screwing that up so going into this one in and your and
it's a home court I mean you're just you're in Alabama so how could that not be a ball on the
net sort of victory where you're just standing it's a net court victory was actually like the
interpretation is that the ball on the net victory is like a huge like come from behind like landslide
like mobilization effort for the for the last I didn't see it as a come from behind I mean we knew
everybody was fighting for one thing in motion but but the establishment that they were fighting
against was solid was brick solid and was there and there was there's no way that was going to be a
blowout that was going to be as close as it was we're all it was all execution dependent everybody
is over the moon happy with what happened well it's not pedophiles pedophiles are pretty upset
with what happened and we also started the drive so in the black community we'd already been familiar
with the Moore and the Jones race now for eight months a year like on all your black female friends
over 50 on facebook in the states that you're not even in they were like you getting out the
conversation the conversations being had people were mobilizing you know months ago so even though
that media coverage just got to it right we'd already been like we were voting to save what little
we have you know what are the numbers that meant anything to me were the the actual percentage
polls that were taken on key issues as voted by black women which if you look at it it was
sort of like oh there's no way they're having any of this bullshit there was no equivocating on that
that was all 97 97 97 97 no yes no yes on those I keep thinking of a scenario the bigger white
guilt scenario than like watching this battlefield in the middle of nowhere where there's like one
guy is like I want to fuck girls little girls and then like the other side is like take that and
their swords are like bouncing off of his pedophile armor and I'm just like watching it going like
well this is strategic for us this will eventually inconvenience how much I wipe my ass with dollar
bills or but uh and then and then there's like to do to do and like like the elves and Lord of
the Rings black voters come over the hill and like and because of that we won we beat a sex
offender by one percent it's like a scary moment where you're like now I'm like well we're not going
to do anything for the Alabama black families I am just going to take some wild guesses here I
don't think your elves I think that I have a feeling that their garbage doesn't get taken
out very quickly that there that there's probably environmental like I don't know it's probably
like a shitty life that's not that's kind of a little bit disenfranchised it is that is that
whatever we don't we don't cross section of where we are right now which is to say that
in stasis these numbers are daunting but in actuality if you if you if you connect a size
this thing we are moving in the right direction there's no gradient that's going to do that
that's not predictive so you kind of have to trust that that's where it's going and you guys know
it's not like I don't think that this country is breeding uh rednecks
at a rate that is commensurate with the way they were breeding them you know true and in the 1970s
man you're like as well yeah you're in total agreement with the nazis that's a negative we're
gonna breed faster they regulated the redneck breeding uh companies and now they all got to
be free range so you're getting fewer rednecks um yeah more expensive you got to pay for all
those opiates and you guys know I don't see your race when I talk to you right I don't think that
your spokesman for I'm not gonna sit here for the mammification of America black women didn't
save you we don't work for you everybody want to lean over oh black women black women 94 percent
of that vote was black man but you still want to be racist even in your compliment
four percentage points and think about that I'm gonna agree with the reindeer on my left all the
brothers that wasn't incarcerated weren't ex felons we lose so much of our voting ability to begin with
so for 94 percent to show up that's pretty that's pretty damn impressive trued off the rednose reindeer
dude hell yeah I can only run the simulator in my head where if I was part of a group I could
barely be bothered to vote when I was like yeah so it's pretty crazy but like oh what are we
fucking like it's like I'm voting for more peanuts in my shit like because technically that's nutrition
like I would be yeah all right well we can we can drop all that behind that's not it's I don't
excel when I'm talking about this stuff I just wanted to mark the the history of it uh Spencer
how are you doing are you uh don't don't take my cue oh how are you doing sorry I didn't mean
to interrupt your oh I thought you were like taking a cue that I was bored with the discussion
no no no I and I was I accidentally I accidentally policed you for texting during the podcast it's
great and I feel properly policed and I'm never gonna pull no um how are you guys doing I'm doing
okay uh I've just been uh I went to the Apple store to get an iPad fix oh yeah you had to get
my iPad fixed it was great because I went to get a four hour deep clean at the dentist and uh you
guys you guys you guys talked to me about privilege uh uh listen to yeah four hour why what's that
look what's that like a four feels great what's a four hour deep cleaning what's that like I I feel
like it's a scam like the more I think about it the more it seems like you know what you need is
four hours of dentistry do they do it really what what are they doing to your teeth for four
used a laser they put each of them in a hyperbaric chamber each tooth they went by quadrants they did
the quadrants that's the way to do it in the mouth well they they went they went like they went like
one side up down the other side what with what with what do you mean with what dental tools what the
fuck with what well what dental tools there's a I can't see them they're in my mouth lasers all right
there's lasers for four hours they brushed your teeth I am going to do a quadrant I am gonna go into
all your quadrants Dan I asked your teeth starting with the upper left for four hours I asked about
one because fall asleep did you stay awake did you read anything I put a I put a Brian Eno song
for that was 45 minutes long on my on my iPad and you played it four times yeah did you really
well but until the point where the iPad fell down and the plug that it was plugged into the wall
with the little lightning cable snapped off inside the charging hole for the iPad rendering it
unchargeable and tweezers oh no and when I tell you Spencer couldn't get that thing out of there
he really couldn't we were at a fucking place that has the smallest tools in the world
and then you couldn't listen to your Brian Eno no he could but only for a limited time right
so for a limited time only yeah so don't talk to me about privilege
for court quadrants for four hours Brian Eno I asked her mother fucker I asked her what she
was doing for one tool I can answer your question because there was a smell there was smoke and a
smell laser as I just said there's a laser oh shit your teeth are disinfecting just disinfecting
the gums basically it's like you know my guns are all fucking piled up and like sure filth is
part of my teeth so they they had to like sandblast it and like take fishing hooks and scrape all of
the fucking brown sludge that there was a there was a there was a species of fucking amoeba in
there they discovered I guess I'm gonna make like 50 grand off of that at MIT or something
they named it after me there was like a horseshoe crab they found there was they actually found
evidence that during the industrial revolution so you're saying your teeth were dirty you had some
dirty teeth these are some dirty gums folks you had some dirty teeth there you're saying your
teeth were dirty when there's that much I guess there's something about the distance between your
teeth oh that shit you know so they they had a fucking sandblast my teeth it took I believe it
would take four hours it's been 44 years did you brush your teeth since I fucking brushed my
teeth basically let's be honest yeah how's it feel yeah feels good feels amazing right yeah
I'm gonna do it again it's in 44 more years okay all right that's why like Cody said you're not
gonna brush your teeth like like like later that night I'm like I just found out I can go 44 years
look what do you do you mouthwash your gum do I mouthwash my gum do you do mouthwash or
chew gum so your breath doesn't smell like turds or as Trav would say do you mouthwash your gum
do you mouthwash with gum I don't I will I brush my teeth in the morning okay great end of story
is it look I'm not a picture of oral health like I'm I admit it like I don't want women to see
inside my mouth I got they would marry me if I got shot in the eye with a laser on Friday
and at his dentist yeah at the dentist no because when he just walks into the dental room like
yeah she was like shooting you get lasik you get some lasik not on purpose no I went to the physical
therapist and they have a laser therapy by where they strap a laser onto a part of your body and
shoot it with lasers what and this is a game we played in the 80s the strap was loose and it came
loose and I saw it coming loose and I saw it in the sense that it came loose and shot a laser into
my eye before I realized I should look away and not look at it and then I fixed it but I was like
I don't I was so embarrassed like I didn't want to tell anyone it was like bad I mean it was like
my eye started hurting and like it was definitely like when you look at the sun or whatever and
you get like a vision splotch it was like I was like no good I was like man this would be amazing
if I have to get an eye patch from this but I think I'll be okay but it was bad it was like
it was hurting for about two days whoa it's fine today is this the place that cupped you
no no this is a physical therapy cup to no not a cat it's just uh just uh lasers and what are
they usually talking about cupping like they're usually lasers to like measure your posture or
no it's uh it's a it's a form of therapy they they shoot it with lasers I think the idea is
it stimulates the tissue but the thing is a medical laser is a stronger laser than normal lasers
and it was in the the medical lasers that they used to affect your tissue or the exact radiation
or wavelength that's the worst for eyes so you're gonna have one whole guy yeah it's gonna be it's
gonna turn green and stuff his eye if it has to save its eyes baby well it could lift a car
um the the I just I just don't understand lasers that hit your skin and then they're
like stimulating the tissue underneath it but it goes through it's nice to me though because
my friend does is what my friend does cupping and then she comes out and she goes then she shows you
shows me her back or whatever and it just their rings like bruises yeah like these bruise rings
at last I talk about cupping but I don't want to be cyberbullied so uh question we don't well
don't worry just just he's just trying to leave a paper trail for his is it no it's a crazy thing
oh did your you talked to a girl and she she got cupped so she had bruises all over oh I failed
the cup I just I don't I didn't understand I don't understand it doesn't know what it's pseudo
sites cups every day of course he does yeah he was supposed to engage your lymphatic system
supposedly it sort of pulls the toxins to the surface of the skin right then your lymphatic
system kind of gets rid of them because sounds like leeches how does a laser how does a laser I
don't understand that electromagnetic radiation goes through most objects generally so I think
it's in a wavelength that is thin enough or wide enough to go through your tissues and doing so it's
like a low rate way microwave and so I think it just damages the muscles and then that stimulates
them enough to do regrow or whatever that's the understanding I don't know it seems like it's supposed
to be kind of like yeah I don't know hmm isn't that just what walking does I think a lot of stuff
does that it strengthens your muscles so you don't need to do lasers I mean it's physical therapy
I just want to know whether or not I should get lasers on my body or I mean you can buy a laser
machine for yourself for a couple thousand dollars and do it and I think you really
roid out hell yeah dude but you might go blind has anyone the laser guy already does everyone have
that as their identity not man I might try it out in the new year you mean like in the marvel
universe no in the real universe all right right not in the real universe self cup yeah oh man if
I could self cup I'd never leave the house no one has seen new star wars I know I've seen it and
oh no I have seen it what do you love it any cup I love it what about those porgs what about guys those
porgs what about this Star Trek Quentin Tarantino movie everyone's talking about I hope there's
porgs in it haven't heard of it did you know when a dog sits and does that thing with his hind legs
moving on well no it's related that's called a splute a splute wait when they lay on their belly
and their legs and their back legs look like a chicken like a like a chicken on a plate blue
I like it corgis I like it corgis do it it's called splitting or is it just called engaging in a
splitting around all right well yeah but it was related to the pork thing robbed you can't
it porgs blue in the movie yeah all right well yeah so what is it isn't this the last Star Wars
movie are they gonna keep making yeah no this is the last one they're done all right Steve is upset
I thought I watched people I'm not I'm not any I don't judge anything at all any I'm about to turn
45 and I'm I'm just I find it fascinating that Star Wars has gotten to this place where it's just
like this crazy it's gotten really popular remember when it was just this cult thing there's just a
few of us like now everybody likes Star Wars I was walking down the street and saw a little kid with
a Star Wars teacher done well I didn't that's not what I was saying I was just talking about how
it used to be it was just a cultural like thing that just kind of had a monolithic face to it it
was like yeah that's the Star Wars movies they come out every six years and they they're kind of
unquestionable and you can pick and moan about whether you liked Empire or Star Wars better and
now now it's just this crazy weird like Lego like universe where there's like one offs and and and
guest directors and it's all called Star Wars and it's like amazing because it's the thing I gave
the most shit about ever and and I also have never seen a Transformers movie and there's like
nine of those and I I really loved Transformers I haven't seen any Transformers movie ever no the
new Star Wars also I haven't seen the new one because I don't even know what you should do
honestly is see the last Transformers movie because that was the biggest piece of shit I've
ever seen in my life I keep waiting for the last one you don't know no I'm sorry there's a dumb
plan words what is your what's your the last one was amazing I make it like every summer I do a
thing where I just go see a bad movie a week because it's you know summer's loaded with them
and I go to I usually go to the Highland theater just because the families come and they go and
they're the most responsive audience in the world and that last Transformers movie was crazy and
then like right when we get to the point where are you talking about the lot what do you mean when
you say the last one there's one that just came out and there's this summer the one that just came
out right in July or June or July it's called the Lonely Jedi what's the last Transformers movie
oh you're talking about the last Transformers movie I'm talking about the last Transformers
okay all right yeah I haven't seen it which Transformer movie are we talking about the last one okay all
right this one is just it just it's just crazy there's 9000 elements in it none of which get
a full complete circle you're like narrative dealing and then they just kind of mark these
moments by chaos chaos chaos and then Walbert comes in and says oh my god you guys go get over
here go see this and then they'll like cut but then then they'll then they'll cut to Anthony
Hopkins who just walk out of nowhere and kind of like long ago several years ago Merlin I mean
this movie opens with it opens with Merlin Merlin is riding a horse Merlin is riding a horse and
he's fucking hammered and he stops the horse and then takes a swing oh he stops the horse and he
looks into the camera and says I'm sozzled and then he pulls a bottle out and drinks from it
and then rides up an evergreen cliff to a cave in Ireland somewhere where there is an original
Transformer crashed and injured that's where it starts does he throw his bottle down like so good
wait why does he break the fourth wall what's he doing because he's so sozzled the movie is
bad he really looks right at the camera there's an arcade there's an arcade of trees like this
and he's just riding down with the horse for no reason stops the horse and then you're like why
would you stop the horse and that's when he looks and goes I'm sozzled and then he pulls the trigger
you didn't see what's the catchphrase there was there was an all the I'm sozzled shirts in the
sozzled and this goes on but this goes on for the whole length of the movie and then there's a
there's like a I mean there's a cold open term but I guess there's like a clothes I get an
at or like an addendum at the end Schraba if you if you need to go you could go
Schraba Schraba came to the podcast sick he's a little under the weather he's a little sozzled
it but you can you don't have to why you gotta sit next to me
uh-huh uh all right so no let's shuffle the order of I would I would I would seriously that
but also last year I looked and I have an activity we can play for Christmas yes
uh so socialist Santa has brought uh some games yes some some some games yes so actually I will
leave but you are well Schraba doesn't like games that's why it's not that he doesn't like Santa
socialism yeah you can come back whenever they're so good so basically what I was thinking of when
I came up with these games is that we're all going to be with our families and talking about politics
and that's going to suck and lead to a bunch of arguments and so why don't we turn it into a game
okay because people love games Jimmy Fallon loves games so let's all be a little more like Jimmy
Fallon this holiday season yeah uh and and so uh I can get a jump on my new year's resolution
yeah doing a bunch of coke and drinking a lot um so that's like well known right I don't know
Jimmy Fallon's a sad person anyway uh this first game we're gonna play is called pot strain or
horrifying government operation code name and the way this game's work the way this game works
is I'm gonna name a thing and it is either a pot strain or a possible war crime and you have to
tell me the difference okay and so you can get bonus points if you've actually smoked the weed
in question oh that's honor system uh or if you guess what the uh operation was about okay and
here we go starting with number one Asian fantasy Asian fantasy how do we buzz in or whatever I
think you just did government incorrect damn it is a pot strain uh let's do another one all American
tiger government operation that is correct this game is great it was to capture Saddam Hussein
lookalikes uh which that name all American tiger totally makes sense because Saddam Hussein was
on the cover tiger beat uh the next way I want to know more about that operation they're trying
to why were they trying to round up lookalikes of Saddam Hussein here in the states so that we could
drop them on iraq and confuse everyone please say a musical please say a musical it was a musical
honeypaw that's exactly what it was they trained them how to sing and dance and then they wanted
them to no it was to round up all his lookalikes in iraq uh to make sure that they weren't him
okay you know what I mean all right so in other words if he did have 50 lookalikes deployed
then that operation that we gave a fancy name to was just really operation his operation is working
yes 100% his operation there are too many guys that look like Saddam Hussein we're just playing
the captain crunch contest with him like like oh there's another one let's grab him and spend
time on this I imagine that that um that mission involved like a CIA guy going like with two Sadams
and the Sadams like it can't be me I can't be the real Sadam I don't know this like this is like a
Washington Post reporter has two of them cornered in a hotel lobby and it's like Ron it's me I was
at your bar mitzvah remember I'm the only one that remember you have that mole on the inside of your
legs uh okay next one I don't want any emails about my iraqi accent I think it was tasteful
uh white rhino that's definitely a weed I've smoked yeah bonus points that is definitely
a weed though bonus points you must have smoked that this is a socialist game so there are no
winners or losers we all get the same amount of prizes right yeah well we should all even
out our points eventually like right right we didn't redistribute the points to those who
don't have as many 100% and I wish I'd been I would have done the same way right now is name
that because it seems dangerous before you try it but it's only uh charging at you to get a closer
look yeah all right or stamp out your campfire all right next one viking snatch government
operation yeah and what do that is correct yeah and what do you think it was uh rounding up a
bunch of vikings it was uh it must have been off the coast of an island uh navy navy boats would
go around the coast of cuba and um look for uh uh people trying to get away uh pick them up
hypnotize them into thinking they were happy cubans and drop them back off uh and activate
them with a code phrase to assassinate castro that is actually 100 correct no no they gave
Guy Ritchie movies to Iceland I think it was a white supremacist infiltration you're the closest
it was to disrupt weapons smuggling by white supremacists because white supremacists think
they're fucking vikings they love vikings yeah viking snatch isn't that crazy it's absurd how many
like guys that are look like a lowercase letter b think that they're a viking they're like yeah I
got all the same traits uh next one here we go uh this is the last one rolling thunder oh yeah
that one I think I remember hearing yeah that was a that was a government operation that one I
think I remember smoking do you say it's a train government operation folks it's both what just
like it's socialism there's no losers all right what yeah what was the uh uh rolling what was the
government operation all I wrote down in the notes was both bitch in all caps so I have no idea what
that one is you were on the white rhino yeah um I have another game if you'd like to play love
games that one was fast and and fun here we go all right this game is called secret republican
rape apologist or animal phobia jesus christ so here's how this game works now that a reality tv
host is president uh are the politics of our nation's most valuable resource celebs is more important
than ever because which one of them might run for president you know like any one of them could run
for president so we're vetting we are now vetting because if you are a secret republican and you
run for democratic office you're gonna get caught if you're a rape apologist you're gonna get taken
down and if you're afraid of one specific animal y'all are gonna get roasted so we're just trying to
like clear the herd for 2020 shout out to matt damon shout out matt damon uh all right so here we go
again you have to tell me if they hide the fact that they're in the gop have publicly defended
a rapist or have a deep-seated fear of a specific animal okay and I made a name a celebrity can I
get like a little bit of like like guessing music maybe this one's gonna be tough because I think
we've all you know man I used to have the soundtrack for the price is right it was so great driving
around playing that price is right music but then if you like did something wrong and you heard
all right here we go just when you thought it was safe to guess just when you thought it was
safe to like a celebrity uh number one adam sandler adam sandler secret republican we know this
correct um not sure anybody in this circle has raped so I don't think he's a rape apologist
no it's just secret probably you're you're correct yeah and I'd also like to guess the last one what
is it no no it's it's animal no I'd like to guess the last one see you know the animal
rape rape republican yes you're right correct he's in the GOP okay next all right Kristen Stewart
well she's gotta have an animal phobia because everyone likes her that's correct she's afraid
of horses all right Kristen Stewart's afraid of horses are scary horses are scary they will bite
you that's my favorite animal they'll they'll they could do whatever they want to anybody
I mean I also I was thinking of Christian wig no Kristen Stewart sucks and she's shut down my
show babe island my old comedy show well case two I had your back accidentally okay wig you're next
quick whoopee Goldberg uh oh we know she's a big all right yeah dude she defended Bill Cosby
like way after and on the view like maybe the view isn't the right place to talk about
Bill Cosby I don't think we're doing the music the way you imagined us no I think it was right
that was that was a peak that was a peak maybe the view is not the place to apologize for Bill
Cosby was the great climax of the game I liked how that lined up yeah I got two more let's do it
Katie Holmes oh man what are the choices rape apologist secret republican or animal phobia well
we haven't had a rape apologist yet so I'll take whoopee we'll be super oh she okay she defended
Bill yeah okay secret republican the correct answer she's afraid of raccoons it's because
they've got thumbs right they've got the little hands they look just like ours the rest of them
don't look like us there's only two kinds of people in this world uh people that are afraid of
raccoons and people with a distinct raccoon wound right somewhere on their face those little
fuckers are like monkeys with no conscience they're monsters they're like street monkeys
they're monkeys live in your backyard not good street monkeys this is terrible
one of those smoke cigarettes is a raccoon kept coming in and through our doggie door
eating the dog food like raccoons I've talked about this on podcast it's a when you when you
discover a raccoon when you come upon one they they they stare you down yeah they just look at you
the skunks do that too but skunks are freezing and saying right are we gonna have to do this
I have things I can do to avoid the conflict raccoons are like war boys what yeah they're
like they're like what like what do you feel lucky punk and all that stuff like they just look at you
and then I the two times I've encountered a raccoon hold up my hands try and let me weapons
and I back away and the raccoon just like kind of like elevator looks me and like walks away like
shaking its hips all right anyways scary animal I love that you showed an animal with hands your
hands so that you could get out of there safe yeah like you have hands you know I'm not holding
a weapon but that but that I'm really scared I because if you google raccoon dog with like
like it's a I got a situation I I'm a really irresponsible dog dad I need a lockable doggie
door because my dogs are primed to get a fucking face mauling and I feel bad about that yeah
and they get big in our neighborhood they're big I think the coyotes ate those raccoons so
yeah we yeah we we we I think we eventually kind of we scared them off with coyote pee we hung coyote
pee from the from the from the chimney with care they just thought you were freaks you're like
why are they holding piss I don't want to hang out yeah why do these people have bags of piss
does Ed Gein live here we're out of here I'm a raccoon but this is fucking nuts dude I'm out of
here I love to eat trash all the time but this is gross we tried to set a humane trap we got a
humane trap that like has like a weird door that like you go in and then it closes behind you we
put some food in it next morning the neighbor's cat is in there fast fucker last question last
one Ivanka Trump oh definitely a strain of weed uh uh rape apologizing for afraid
well she she's uh rape apology I mean she's she's technically yeah she's a wait is she
though has she ever actually said is she all three yeah she's all three baby she likes to pretend
that she's not a republican but she definitely is she's a rape apologist and she's afraid of
Pokemon that's not one animal that's all animals all right so she's only two okay
nice that's a secret I got a game called the ham radio license exam practice test
okay you guys want to play that yeah let's hear some Spencer's gonna get his ham radio license
he's been ever since the day that we went in to the place next door to where it definitely did
not take a lot of time to buy my gun uh uh and we've been trying to get Spencer a ham radio
license and it's really really hard and he may never get it because it's not a gun right if it
was a gun this would be over with ages yes I have I've been my gun has been collecting dust on my
shelf for two months and Spencer is almost done maybe getting his ham radio license where it's
things are the same it's really dangerous to have a ham radio yeah think about all the businesses
you could negatively impact right think of the children whose minds you could work with
you know all the kids that are on ham radio what if you played music on it right I don't know
I don't know I can't get wi-fi hold on keep going sorry that's because you're not in the
fast lane honky yeah net neutrality is happening net neutrality already started and this was ground
zero yep okay are you ready for the first throttle us so first they're gonna throttle us first they
hurt us we get fucking people with antlers over here talking about bringing down the curtain
at that GOP convention they caught someone on hot mics saying yeah we're already lining up rich
conservatives who are gonna rig the internet oh boy do in for some time all I gotta say is here's
the thing I may be a fucking fat dumb lazy guy that hasn't studied anything since high school but
here's here's my bird's eye view based on that the last thing I remember learning is here's the
fascism playbook they they have like a thing they have like a list of shit that they need to do in
order to swing a country fascist and take control of it and one of the top items on the list which
has been the eternal frustration to these pricks is that because of the internet you can't do what
the first step is which is just fucking take over the media you have to be able to black it out
and just like control it you got you can't have a free press and a fascist coup they don't work
together so you know fascism like like really goes very quickly in in times when you can just go
and fire bomb a newspaper office and they haven't been able to do that now they're fucking doing it
it concerns me I don't want to have to find out what I'm made of you won't you you got it I'm safe
you're saying it's gonna take so long I'm saying I'll have my first coronary you're from good
fucking stock thank you you know this that's what I'm saying what are you saying are you saying when
they come through you're gonna fight and you're gonna win bro that's what I'm trying to tell you
or we're all gonna die from climate change before they have a chance you mean good stock like I have
a hero in here somewhere like I'm like a good person are you being my magical black person
are you like my mentor like like is that a is that place bullshit or do you already ask people
who don't take shit I mean what you guys do I can't beat anybody up is that what you're
you're in play what did you guys do didn't you get rid of your governor I don't know we did some
stuff we had like a socialist mayor or something but we keep saying that over and over again but
we're a bunch of Trumpy pumpies yeah but you used to be blue I don't know yeah you did and then
you got red and I bet you when we look at the big picture you can be red for a little while
but you're gonna be majority time blue this is a weird way to pump me up I was caught I was
gonna leave it and left that leaving you was cotton it's your home all right hand escape it
what is a part 15 device a an unlicensed device that may emit low powered radio signals on frequencies
used by a licensed service B a type of test set to use to return a type of test set used to determine
whether a transmitter is in compliance with FCC regulation ninety one point fifteen oh it's close
C a device for long distance communication using special code sanctioned by the IARU and D a type
of amateur radio that can legally be used in the citizens band D I'm gonna say C I'm gonna say D
because it had the phrase citizens band there we go I'm gonna do D D D two part 15 I'm gonna say A
because I'm taking the test there might be it was a because yeah an unlicensed device that may
emit low powered radio signals on frequencies used by a licensed service based on my research
this includes walkie talkies oh hmm so is that like kids walkie talkies yeah those those operate
on amateur radio bands but they have those privileges even though they're commercial products
how easy are those to hack uh very I think they're built with I mean it's easy to make
your own radio I think I think that's easy enough but I don't you have like enough Bitcoin
well yeah I mean these days okay enough Bitcoin there's a lot of Bitcoin and radio dude there's a
lot of money are you still are you still are you still high enough that Bitcoin I think I missed
the boat I mean I don't know do you think do you think it's here to stay do you think it's
it's I think it's here to stay for long enough to make money off of it I don't know it's pretty
hard to sell you think the boat you missed is like buying a big chunk on the ground floor
that would make you like like yeah like wealthy five years from now ten years from now I think
one of your writers did something like that uh Matt roller bought a bit he bought a he bought
Bitcoin early I think so yeah I think he got on the ground floor a lot of people bought it but
you can't it's hard to sell yeah the game yeah but you you you you buy it you hang on yeah I mean
the game is Bitcoin only becomes valuable if everybody just decides to start using it and you
can't do that overnight so it's like yeah you're you're you're guessing that it's the cryptocurrency
that would prevail there's a lot of a lot of big ifs there it's with still a lot of challenges
that's one thing unethical unethical yeah because it keeps poor people don't really have access to
Bitcoin what I had a guy on my podcast and Wilson yeah this other guy I had a guy on my podcast
I don't see him that way but I think I heard he was black and he I told him it was black he didn't
see it he had he had he had like he he said the same thing he said he said cryptocurrency is
inherently it's just like wait are we supposed to be restart we're just we're just gonna restart
this inequality thing because black people aren't thinking about fucking Bitcoin like this is a chance
to to to change something and I can't remember I don't have and so he had and then I tuned him out
because I'm like this isn't for me it was an app and anyone can use it yeah got you on the ground
floor well I like I like to be special in the things I use so it's a cute concept there's a lot
of histories of bubbles tulip bubbles oh yeah well it's certainly a bubble currency like 30 years
ago they did the fuck's a tulip bubble the first bubble ever was the price of tulips oh well
people got really into tulips in Holland and tulips like threatened to become a currency
yeah well it was a currency because it was worth so much but it was crazy because it was inflation
just overnight people were like paying tons of money for tulip so what happened and it was seasonal
somebody decided one day literally somebody was like tulip bulbs ain't shit excuse me I have something
to say these shit so someone finally just listened so then the bubble so then the bubble burst and
people's tulips weren't worth anything anymore and then they died right like that's the other problem
with like flowers is money well I think the bulbs last a while yeah oh these are the bulbs well I
revealed my lack of flour no I thought the same thing until they were talking about is that boom
Chicago but cryptocurrencies are superior to all existing currencies in that they actually are
even though we look at them as based on nothing they're more based on something than our current
currencies right and you can vape them your currency has actual you can trace it to an actual
source like a federal reserve bank which then would go straight to either gold or silver they say
that they're no longer on the gold or silver the truth of the matter is you can still take a dollar
and buy gold and silver and you can do that legally but you could buy do you mean go take a dollar and
buy gold and silver like you can buy a pokemon you can buy a I mean so that's just that doesn't
count as the dollar being backed by something you're just saying that the dollar is backed by the
fact that everyone's using it yeah the dollar is backed on ultimately backed by faith but ultimately
the end result is gold all financial leads to gold if if that is the case then that means that bitcoin
from the limited understanding I can I can accomplish of it I think you know bitcoin is
mathematically guaranteed scarcity right so that you can you can actually control
it's built on algorithms that are meant to hopefully control for its expansion right
no nobody can nobody can find out by digging into the center of the earth that the core of
the earth is made of bitcoin and the market collapses right well the thing is you can steal
bitcoins kind of untraceably with some ease so that's something that it has is like a disadvantage
over money because I mean it's easy to steal money don't get me wrong but it's like easier to get
away with stealing money uh bitcoins just puked up at my throat let's get him another cup it's
the but it's chocolate chip cookie puke it's delicious oh yeah it's that acidic yeah sugary
that's probably what it is it's a the other chocolate acid reflux or something yeah yeah
merry christmas kids i've definitely got put here's some advice from santa uh your chimney has a
flu keep keep it closed uh get get get get get get high don't drink so much you're gonna erode
your fucking esophageal flap it's just i can't eat popcorn while i'm talking or i'll choke to
death and uh uh yeah orange juice everything everything that i put into my body is uh at war
with it in some form yeah it's either it's either the new the new kid in prison and the whole body
is going like whoo whoo whoo who's this or it's like uh someone something that's trying to break
into my body steven's bringing you some water thanks uh thanks southie southie elf get out of here
southie elf thanks wicked wicked wicked retarded uh uh we're gonna do it over there southie elf
how's your mother southie elf that eyes on you i don't have any elf references there's no
all right let's let's do we have another do we have time for one more ham question should we go ham
if you find it fun i have a politics uh multiple choice question if you like one of those yeah
how many times has ted cruz made his wife come okay is the answer a yeah right
b trick question she works for goldman sacks the only way that she can come is by signing
a predatory loan to a person of color or is the answer c on the third hottest night of the year
they kneel before the statue of ancient undersea god cropped locked and their eyes become hollow
as they turn into bleak darkness which technically is an orgasm if you went to yale i have to recuse
myself from this question and he's he can't tell us why but it's because of one of those
answers for reasons i can i ds uh i support everyone's religion so i i'm gonna go a
a is correct yeah thank you oh shit um stump us with a ham question oh yeah no this one you might
get yeah which term describes the rate at which electrical energy is used which term describes
the rate at which electrical energy is used gotta have this one voltage b current c resistance or
d power the rate at which it's used is the answer currently one of the choices oh the rate at which
it's used yeah and the and the it says resistance voltage voltage current resistance or power
all right well it's it's it's not it's not resistance it's oh you know it's not current it's not current
it's voltage voltage right i'm gonna see whatever voltage is like the no no no voltage sounds like
a rate well current is amperage isn't that isn't that the that's the that's that would that would be
like the the level that it's at across the the system if it's uh so the rate at which it's used
okay all right i'm going voltage as well voltage because it's a measurement an index is that your
guess no my guess is the right answer god shit it's power but didn't we but didn't we like lie well
you act and i really convinced in yourselves effectively did sound like we knew what we were
talking about that's a good part of testing skills that when i was five my dad had this bright idea
to get become a kid i need a train set went out and bought a taiko uh god i forgot what scale but
it was a monstrous ho it wasn't h o so it's not taiko man barely oh jeez no z's ho i'm gonna get
into you uh and then he so christmas day comes i open this thing here it is i want him to help
me set it up and he tells me no uh we can't do it my father didn't help me set it up he said we
can't do it in this house because the voltage that we if we plug this into these walls the paint will
peel and so unfortunately son this train can't he just didn't want to set it up which is why at six
i set up the next train i got i set up myself i just read the insertion did myself but he like
literally lied and said the paint would peel if we tried it jeez that was your dad what was my dad
so do you do what what do you love more now him or trains okay my man that's a no brainer trains
well i just well sometimes we invert that stuff so it's like your dad you're like oh you're like
fuck a train and my dad's so amazing because he like because he taught me how to like build my own
train sets and kids kids twist shit get across the street for me uh could not wait for his father to
set up the track so he pulled the train out the box and broke it by playing with it on the carpet
all day long like a dumbass uh my mom threw my 10th birthday cake at my father the kid across
the street same kid his mother would beat him with hot wheels tracks which is the darkest
shit in the world to be with his with those things the plastic like loopy loop one final dude
and if you put the connector in it then it was like a nice stinging tail at the end of it to like
pop it it's the worst thing you've ever seen remember that JonBent Ramsey thing where she
had the two uh won't contact wounds on her body and they they they uh deduced that it was uh
her brother must have poked her already dead body with a railroad track a piece of railroad track
from the other room what we're saying is don't get your kids trains for christmas yeah it could
either end disappointment or death and that was it for trains that was then taiko line here on
behalf of the fine folks lionel lionel actually lionel ran into trouble financial trouble and
almost failed but were saved by neil young who bought the entire company and resurrected it
so i think lionel's a fine company right now wow christmas fun facts just so you know neil young
neil young bought it because his son he and his son bonded through two things one was the uh the
speech synthesizer that he had that was a Kurzweil i think and then also through trains and so now
he's got on his on his on his camp he's got this thing with kids come and they ride the big scale
like the l scale or something like that lionel train and they just ride him around and they and
they help maintain him and then they also like look at the big sort of smaller ho scale displays
that he has and they and they and he helps which brings things back to alabama sweet home i heard
lennard skinnered is buying a their own model train that's called fuck you neil young fucking
tricycle oh god it's a deep cut a little war between those guys about alabama only about the
state of alabama though not right not about the politics involved well no there was a skinner
skinner was progressive no but skinnered was like their lyrics there's contention about that because
they're there if you listen to those skinnered lyrics they're referring to some racist shit
some hot top hot button shit and they're just saying hey man you don't understand this we're
from the south you don't get it so shut up yeah but when you say that about a state i know i know
i was getting i didn't all right i was i was going well you're very dry i don't know i was
right he's super dry you and chris McKenna i can never i was super dry you guys do jokes and then
i'm like well no but the thing is i'm fucking with you all right um all right what time is it
we got nine forty three McKenna said he named can we say that i think you can what can i said he
named uh the rocks character in jumanji two after me right what dr spencer's molders that's awesome
that's right yeah and you don't know if he's kidding because no i think he's honest because
he's told me multiple times each time like assuming i forgot like you'd forget someone like naming a
jumanji character after you can you guys read that clock from here uh yeah sixteen forty four oh it's
a sixty four and forty i i i isn't accurate that's a blue blur to me is that you guys have contacts
or i'm physically wearing glasses i have wool fissions my eyes are going bad fast you should
get hit in the eye with the laser that's pretty crazy man just kind of i'm gonna i you know this
is actually the last time our our listeners and viewers will uh be in contact with me before i'm
forty five when exactly is the big day which is exactly half of my life uh because i'm definitely
the kind of guy that lives to ninety after christmas um any plans after new year's one or two
i'm a retire at forty seven uh i uh like a boss man i mean what's your eyes are just they can't
even see clocks you should just eat a bullet no you got glasses you're gonna love glasses
i have glasses they're dumb i just like it's just i'm just saying like god has a plan you know
like like it's like here's your eyes and you're like okay how long do these last
45 years is the answer like like like oh well what can't you see well when the answer is like
how many fingers is your fellow caveman holding up like from 50 yards big deal what's your caveman
got that's so important that you need to count on his fingers but when the answer is a clock what
time is it what what's your what's your flight number you know the airport it's like you know
you're like i don't know i can't i gotta pull out these fucking telescopes and put them on my face
and just let this tiger eat you but is it though is it that though or is it the magnification
so we have to deal with where you're like one at one minute looking at your phone like this
you know maybe we're fucking up our eyes more screen and then you're there i think forcing
your retinosis to kind of like contraction like that it would be crazy if we hadn't had a huge yeah
if technology of screen culture didn't it wasn't fucking with her i our screens are too bright
is the newest one that we should all have our laptops i that's the that sounds like the
whitest fucking bullshit like my screen's too bright give me a new screen janice it's too bright
but brandon brought it up i do know janice though but it just sounds like he did nail that part
like what i mean even if the screens are too bright like who can make that like their main
because there's gotta be a person who's like i'm it's i'm gonna be the screen brightness person
have you ever thought about telling your kids about the future i mean you could tell your kids
don't have your screen so bright i want to know since you do a christmas and a birthday
back to back for me yeah yeah plans no i don't well not i don't have any plans this year usually
for christmas and or for new years like i'll usually like i've been the last couple years been
organizing something like where maybe we all go to new york for new years or something like that
i haven't i haven't made any plans this year i'm not going out of town for christmas and uh in
general no birthday plans ever because i grew up with the with the hangover birthday i kind of i don't
i don't that's one thing i'm i'm actually i i'm i like about being a baby new year like i i don't
have i'm i don't have a birthday specialness yeah and it's nice i'm i feel it makes me feel superior
it makes me feel like wolverine like i like i'm like i'm like people are like oh what do you
want to do for your birthday and i'm like i don't want to do anything and they're like come on
do you want to do something i'm like no i really don't i'm totally socialized from birth to not
give a fuck about my birthday you should do something you know what i like to do for my
birthday take down the tree like that's all i associate with my birthday it's like i would
get an extra present at you know somewhere you know like from my mommy and like what that's not
right it just feels like uh no but it's it is right it is right to mortgage it's your birthday
no no no it's right for you to say it you do whatever you want your friends job is to say that that's
not right i would have been i used to be like that i used to be shut down wait what's your birthday
9 11 April 25th oh but you're just saying like in general i'm i'm sorry but you're talking about
after easter yeah being to mortage is like having a birthday after christmas what oh the look
look i just like people i just i used to be i was like no no no no no no no no i'm not going to
do anything uh not that that's you but it is my friends would would be the ones that would kind
of be like look dumb dumb you have a surprise like and yeah and small things happen like
one day we went to pop a geno's at the start at the start of it but i tell you're gonna say
papa john's yeah but i don't want that well look it's let's split the difference here's the delivery
restaurant usually do i i'll i'll say i'll say maybe i'll go uh i'm turning 45 meet me at the
roost i'll be there from eight o'clock to there you go the roost is great yeah and you buy out
this like you just do like get a like get a jukebox buy out like look only songs yeah i'll do something
like that like yeah but a lot of times it's like everybody's hung over including me like it's like
january third you know it's like a crazy time you and i remember the one the one of the best
times i had post christmas was when you and merle had a joint birthday party
it was at the griffin which i hate but like just that community of people sitting around
standing around talking and being able to bounce from one conversation to the next it was such a
good group of people it was fantastic it was it was a lovely lovely love that i'm gonna throw uh
i'm gonna throw palm springs rent a house out because that way you're there for new year's eve
and then you just stay asking a lot of people to drive out but but what you're there for that
that that means go there for new year's you're there maybe an elite group but and then they can come
and go right because you'll be there for a while you know do it for five days well guys celebrate
yourself man celebrate yourself celebrate yourself celebrate yourself so what's the thing that you
would most want your friends to do with you if you could if you had unlimited resources show us
how to celebrate that's a great question i'd like to watch uh zana do perfect perfect love it i did
that last time and it looked okay when i force people to watch things they get very sad you
chewed off the red nose reindeer okay i have to watch that's a hawk i get it i have to watch it
because it's your birthday and then they kind of like it's not some hawk they leave but yeah what is
on your uh what's on your list of things that would be like what's the thing that brings you joy
that you would love to share that joy with your friends don't say aids unless it's his birthday
wish this was Ageetown yeah i get i get you know like i'm like like minecraft but then it's like
i i i don't want i don't want to come home and have you guys go surprise and there's like inflatable
blocks that i can pick with a balloon axe wouldn't you love that man i'm the one you but look trust
me when i say i'm the one you bought the gun for if i if you come home i'm in your house i'm
standing next to two raccoons like this motherfucker right here you can come in my house anytime you
want i promise i won't as long as you dress the same i won't be like what the fuck just wear the
antlers fine minecraft no but i'm not i don't want to have a minecraft themed birthday party
that's like a six-year-old's that's like not i like i enjoy playing minecraft because i don't
want to be around people and i want to have a sense of order in my life what if we did it this is
your life sort of thing well we did a rope for my 30th birthday we did a roast it was real and
i was just recalling that the other day with uh jeff and it was really funny because it was like
literally like the dais for the roast was more the twice as much as the people in the audience
because the point wasn't to do it as a performance we just wanted to do a roast kind of thing and we
just all kind of roasted each other in the back room of this restaurant and it was just us at
a long table laughing as if there was an audience there and there really wasn't and that was pretty
fun uh and it was also mean but whatever we called each other drunk and old and gay and whatever
um but but uh yeah so what what did you say that reminded me of that like uh this is your life
all right right like a like a performance like a your special attention thing
erin migathi did like the probably the coolest birthday thing where because she and it was just
like you can't really top that she took all of the she published a book and then had a book
like reading with all all of my friends and like vet nicole brown reading passages from my book and
then like other you know everyone that i'd worked with like coming up and reading like that was
pretty that was like a narcissistic philly cheesesteak it was just like i was sick of myself two hours
later and it was like an amazing feeling like i didn't know i could get that full of myself and
like burp and fall asleep i was there that that was pretty special and as such i kind of don't need
that i don't really i don't really fantasize about that anymore like yeah i think it's like it's
sort of like i i want what do i what do i really want what would like a fantasy be even if that's
to be left completely alone on your birthday because that that is also a way to celebrate it
rocket chews rocket chews now yeah i mean i just i just go up in the air and then i'd want to come
down i i i i i i i mean i'd like i'd like to it would be great to have a big party at my house but
like it it my hat might finish your house just all this shit there's holes in the stairs where the
dog ate all the shit and it's a dog ate the curtains and so it's like yeah i would i would love to have
my house be functional and have people come over and have the whole house filled with people and
i'd love to walk around and say could i get you another drink and and and and have like a proper
party at my house yeah but it's yeah adults only yeah do one of those things like a dinner party
no i'd like there to be some some some kids that's what a couple kids i'm joking i'm joking i'm not
yeah i am too i'm not a pedophile although i would i did want to talk about that for a while but
let's do we got time we got the we got the blur the blur the blur right here's the thing roy more
is not a pedophile he's a he's attracted to pubescent girls that makes him a worse person
because it means he has uh he's putting his own lack of impulse control above the law and uh uh
i know we don't like pedophiles because they have uncontrollable compulsions usually brought on by
child abuse that uh the victims are the most innocent people in the world and so the crimes
are the worst that you could imagine but when you we we keep calling this guy a pedophile
but i just i just every time i want i want to go like he's not really a pedophile he's worse
he's worse than a pedophile he's a guy that what that that is like oh she's 14 i'd hit that she's
she can't defend herself she her life is going to be ruined um i'm making that decision i could
i could i we all have to take shits and we do it in a toilet like we have laws that say well
they gotta be 18 because then at least they have a little bit of a chance to not be permanently
scarred if you drive by them on the street and go like why not like and he was like a guy that was
like a district attorney and was going like why not i could get away with it i could get away with
it it's like that's a in a crazy alternate universe where we found out that a politician was a pedophile
it might be an opportunity to be like okay you probably shouldn't run for office um but let's
help you like like thank you for that legislation that you did that's so great before we found out
you were a pedophile now now you thank you for raising pedophile awareness go in this place in
this treatment program for pedophiles this is a guy who's like a sociopath you know it's like a
criminal it's a person that was just like like an arch criminal like there's an important distinction
there anyways it's it's hard to go to you always you want to like you want to go like well technically
he's not you then you like end up in this conversation where they're like go go on tell us about
how pedophiles are really important like a really important demographic that need to be
given a shout out like i there's not a lot of products exclusively for them did you see did
you see that documentary pervert park no no everyone should watch that because i know it's
like watch it on christmas with your family pedophilia is obviously and understandably
our culture's bedrock it's you can't you can't get worse than that but it's a condition and then
when you watch this documentary pervert park you it'll make you understand not in a preachy way
but by testimony of all these people that live in this trailer park of all these sex offenders
that they can't live anywhere else and it's run by a sex offender and it's like every single one
of their stories they're not they're not heroes they're not but every single one of their stories
involves getting abused yes and so it's like here we are in this society where we go oh it's like
you got abused so you're probably going to abuse somebody or you abuse somebody you probably got
abused and we that's a definitely a capitalism thing like we don't put money no you can't get
votes by saying let alone campaign money by saying i would like to pump some some financing into this
pedophile cycle well uh this person uh molested this child which means there's an opportunity
to break a cycle here either with their child or with them like if you if you elect me your congressman
i'll make sure that money goes to the right place like and as a result that's what you know like so
then you have this that's what brought down john carrey's campaign it yeah he did it it
does not work it is not good in the debates that and running the other way when he saw those
vietnamese bullets well you know why that swift boat remember he was like turn the swift boat around
and it's like yes but the you you bring up a great point about that that that roymor is because i think
the thing is is by calling roymor a pedophile you're giving him stolen victim valor right we're
like he didn't earn any like he doesn't have a medical excuse to be a bad person he's just a
bully and an asshole your neighbor might be a pedophile and he's not running for d he wasn't
da and he wasn't uh he's not running for anything unless you live right next to roymor in which case
don't listen to this part anyways but it's all over now but yeah pedophile was the easy word to use
but it just didn't really apply and it's like weird because it's like isn't there like a little bit
of residue there where you go ha found out that guy was a pedophile cost on the election you know
and now it's like there's almost like a sort of residual like badness there where it's like oh if
you can find evil in someone you call it out but it's like what about what about selfishness sorry
what are you gonna say to marge just idiocy also as well and it's just sort of like given all that
and everything and jackass rides up on a horse i mean so you get to the point where it's sort of
like i mean yes what you're saying is true but also the vitriol doesn't need to go away it has
to just be reshaped and directed in i guess in the right shape at him again because it's that
we like somebody calling somebody an asshole and then somebody coming out of the crowd and going
technically not a sphincter and it's like you know what i'm saying yeah yeah this dickhead in all of
his whatever so either either made that directive or heard that directive and thought no this is a
good idea i'm gonna ride up on a horse right after all of this and confidently slam the
horse the numbers aren't good or the numbers are good right up on a horse or the numbers aren't
good i'm gonna why don't you ride up on a horse and tilt it he just wanted to show 14 year old
girls in alabama that they have stuff in common like they all like horses like that's what the
horse thing i little pony says i should vote this way right if you run a simulator in your head
where you cross threshold if the threshold if the threshold like the people that we're up against
in this culture war if you imagine being one of them whereas you and i can be eroded we have
that option we can drift into cynicism we can start caring less and less we can realize we
never cared at all i'm not trying to say like where i'm han solo and we're in something i'm
saying like we have the position that we're in allows for slow transformation from what we are to
what they are they have the luxury air quotes for our listeners um of being on the side of a
threshold where it's it's over man leon mcduff like like like like the you you cannot now change
your mind and it's weirder than a nixon's time because now there's an internet everyone has a
facebook timeline everyone it used to be the joke about the your mondale bumper sticker that was
like you know you had to scrape your bumper to like erase your paper trail in nixon's time it took
six years for your uncle tony to realize nixon was a piece of shit and he could spend three years
three thanksgivings he could just shut his mouth during the pop the the conversation slowly get to
you know what i don't like that guy he's tricky dick we have now this like up to the minute like you
have to double down or release every day and if you have been doubling down for a year you are
are 23 percent of the nation but depending on what polls you go by and how you compound these
information we have gotten to this core you have this fucking thing where you now need to go to
that rally and you need to ride up on a horse and you need to to give speeches about uh you know we
were in vietnam and there were shit we could have fucked a million eleven year olds and we didn't do
that and and like and our lawyers are jew our accountants are jew and everyone's like waving
their hats in the air there's a subtext to it which is like we're too far gone stop us save us we cannot
stop ourselves you won't stop shaming us if we do we cannot we have we have adopted a philosophy
that says we're tired of being ashamed so when every morning when they get up and they think about
what if this is the day when i changed my mind the the answer is oh and so i begin a lifetime of
fucking having to think about that year i spent well that's like like like working for sauron
and i'm just gonna like be the most awkward person at the office party no i have to fucking double
down that's why they all get mad at starbucks cups and like these crazy you know like all of their
rage gets like funneled at the weirdest things like an espn reporter said that the president
like farted or something and then they're like oh we gotta get her off the tv like that's like
they're it's their lives are such a contradiction that it's gonna it's gonna be incredible just to
watch how they like their brains explode over the next few or how the government buildings that they
blow up explode i mean we are either way some of these people are going to continue to mass shoot
and fertilize bomb and and and the best we can hope for at this point my definition of utopia
which is basically get me back to my white fragile mollusk shell like i in that universe
they're just back in their mom's basement like polishing their jackboots and with uh
with their swastika posters like covered with like duke's duke's a hazard posters you know
for in case company comes over like like like it's just back to the shadows back to the shame
and then what do they do down there like i don't know they fucking fester and metastasize obviously
like but i don't yeah i'm all over the fucking place you got it very christmas i guess that's
my point yes that is their point merry christmas we gotta go but we won't see everybody until 2018
yeah cannot wait to fucking see what we all do it would be nice to have a new year's show where
we could talk about the year but what have we ever done but talk about the year uh uh yeah let's
it's been a rough let's have epiphanies um and we will good stuff no there is there is so much
that is positive that it's 2018 right here uh there's just so much crap that happened early on
and we've been talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking talking
all year long about this but it's it's it's right man it's ready even if even if shit doesn't hit
the fan over christmas break which i was alluding to uh shit not hitting the fan over christmas
break is is in itself a form of weird passive shit hitting a nascent fan um and so for sure 2018
is gonna be a weird time to start together we yeah like like please if you're listening at home
like like like really reinvent yourself like it's the time like don't don't just like joke about it
like like it's like it's a great time to change your mind about a lot of shit without having to
feel uh like you lost something or that you would you're admitting that you were ever a dick or a
bad person like it's you can everyone gets to just go uh i'm gonna try this new thing i'm gonna be a
cowboy i'm gonna wear this cowboy hat um uh only most of you i hope maybe you it would be the reverse
we lose the cowboy hat but but but no keep the cowboy hat it's cultural it's great it's about your
heritage i who's listening to my podcast in a cowboy hat nobody tweet just if you're listening
in just a cowboy tall mix tall mixes listen to your your podcast in a cowboy terrible impression
to barge uh drop your cowboy hat metaphorically in favor of a pair of antlers uh i think they really
amplified brandon's points tonight as they were wiggling uh thank you sarah hill crisp rough
for your christmas decorating the trimming of the of the stage uh i really i kind of just
want to keep it this way for for january you should like most people most houses will still
be decorated for christmas in january i feel like having like christmas decorations 24 7 is just
like really broadcasting that you outlived your son and merry christmas to all of you thank you
jack McKeever thank you uh uh nolyn uh nolyn nolyn nolyn todd what the fuck is this with nolyn
fabricus fabricus one of those was the correct way much respect uh who else is out there donna
and marketing thank you so much uh eric eric and accounting yeah uh sharing an hr steve levy steve levy
what can you say he brought those things on stage thank you steve levy uh for for for another year
thank meg ryan meg ryan meg ryan meg ryan for sticking in there who works in uh sneak attacks
did meg ryan make the wheat cookies because those are really good thank you to whoever made those
hell yeah my man those are made legally thank you priloseck uh and uber for for for the rest
of my evening um and we'll see we'll see in 2018 and uh yeah it's gonna be fine don't listen to me
motivate activate register and also start together it's my favorite slater kidding song
spencer what would jump davis say right now stay home and don't take chances just take a little acid
also it's all about the booty micro dose with your parents the booty
did you get any of that it's a good show